README.md, before:

# alx-system_engineering-

Create a script that creates an alias.

Name: ls
Value: rm *

---

Create a script that prints hello user, where user is the current Linux user

---
Add /action to the PATH. /action should be the last directory the shell looks into when looking for a program.

---

Create a script that counts the number of directories in the PATH.

---

## Task4

Create a script that lists environment variables

---

## Task5
Create a script that lists all local variables and environment variables, and functions.

---

## Task5
Create a script that creates a new local variable.

---

## Task6
Create a script that creates a new global variable.

---

## Task8
Write a script that prints the result of the addition of 128 with the value stored in the environment variable TRUEKNOWLEDGE, followed by a new line.

---

## Task9
Write a script that prints the result of POWER divided by DIVIDE, followed by a new line.

POWER and DIVIDE are environment variables

---

## Task10

Write a script that displays the result of BREATH to the power LOVE

BREATH and LOVE are environment variables
The script should display the result, followed by a new line
---
---
---

Commit message:

added binary combinations and print float files

README.md, after:

# alx-system_engineering-

Create a script that creates an alias.

Name: ls
Value: rm *

---

Create a script that prints hello user, where user is the current Linux user

---
Add /action to the PATH. /action should be the last directory the shell looks into when looking for a program.

---

Create a script that counts the number of directories in the PATH.

---

## Task4

Create a script that lists environment variables

---

## Task5
Create a script that lists all local variables and environment variables, and functions.

---

## Task6
Create a script that creates a new local variable.

---

## Task7
Create a script that creates a new global variable.

---

## Task8
Write a script that prints the result of the addition of 128 with the value stored in the environment variable TRUEKNOWLEDGE, followed by a new line.

---

## Task9
Write a script that prints the result of POWER divided by DIVIDE, followed by a new line.

POWER and DIVIDE are environment variables

---

## Task10

Write a script that displays the result of BREATH to the power LOVE

BREATH and LOVE are environment variables
The script should display the result, followed by a new line

---

## Task11

Write a script that converts a number from base 2 to base 10.

The number in base 2 is stored in the environment variable BINARY
The script should display the number in base 10, followed by a new line

---

## Task12

Create a script that prints all possible combinations of two letters, except oo.

Letters are lower cases, from a to z
One combination per line
The output should be alpha ordered, starting with aa
Do not print oo
Your script file should contain maximum 64 characters

---

## Task13

Write a script that prints a number with two decimal places, followed by a new line.

The number will be stored in the environment variable NUM.
